Improve documentation ans skill related to triage process. (#2100)
google/A2UI: .agents/skills/a2ui-issue-triage/references/triage_criteria.md

This document defines the rules and guidelines for classifying issues, assigning priorities, recommending owners, and formulating professional responses for the A2UI repository.

> The team process this skill assists is described in [docs/contributing/triage.md](../../../../docs/contributing/triage.md), which is the source of truth for policy. Keep this document aligned with it.

Reviewer: I think it is worthwhile for us to avoid duplication of information between agent skills and regular documentation as much as possible, to limit the markdown that we're maintaining and avoid inconsistency. I think that skills and their references should just contain information that is specifically for agents, or formatted significantly differently to improve agent performance, e.g. a step-by-step recipe for an important task. Information that is useful to both humans and agents should be in `docs/`.

So how about we migrate these generic definitions of labels etc to https://github.com/a2ui-project/a2ui/blob/main/docs/contributing/triage.md ?

Reviewer 2: Also, the skill can just reference that file directly as a reference instead of repeating information from it.

- **P3 (Low)**: Good request. This is not currently planned, but contributions are welcome.
  - _Scope_: Minor UI adjustments, aesthetic improvements, or edge-case bugs affecting very few developers.
  - _Action_: Open for community contributions. Core developers will not actively work on these.
- **P4 (Not a priority)**: The team does not plan to invest in this, and PRs against it will not be reviewed.
  - _Scope_: Requests that are out of scope, highly custom, or conflict with the core design goals.

>   - _Action_: Label `P4` and leave the issue open. Do not close it — an open P4 is the searchable record that the request is understood, still unimplemented, and deliberately not prioritized. See [Why do we need P4?](../../../../docs/contributing/triage.md#why-do-we-need-p4-why-not-just-close-the-issue).

Reviewer 2: If it's marked P4, then it's prioritized, just at a very low level.

```suggestion
  - _Action_: Label `P4` and leave the issue open. Do not close it — an open P4 is the searchable record that the request is understood, still unimplemented, and deliberately deprioritized. See [Why do we need P4?](../../../../docs/contributing/triage.md#why-do-we-need-p4-why-not-just-close-the-issue).
```

## Response Guidelines & Templates

> [templates.md](templates.md) holds the standard replies the team has agreed on for recurring cases. Check it first — when a case matches, that reply wins over the guidance below, used verbatim or with placeholders filled in. The rest of this section applies to replies you write yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[templates.md](templates.md) holds the standard replies the team has agreed on for recurring cases. Check it first — when a case matches, that reply should be used over the guidance below, and used verbatim or with placeholders filled in. The rest of this section applies to replies you write yourself.
```
